Implement template inheritance (#18)
pyansys/pyansys-templates: doc/source/user_guide/templating.rst

Understanding the Templates Directory
-------------------------------------

All ``ansys-templates`` are collected inside the ``templates/`` directory, which
is included in the ``src/``. The ``templates/`` directory holds different
families of templates.

A ``family of templates`` is just a directory holding a ``common/`` folder and
various ``templates/``:

- The ``common/`` directory contains various resources which are common to all
  templates of a given family. This avoids duplication of files across templates.

- Each ``template/`` contains its own custom files.

.. code:: bash

   src/ansys/templates/
   │
   ├── family_0/
   │    ├── common/
   │    │   ├── cookiecutter.json
   │    │   └── {{cookiecutter.__project_name_slug}}
   │    │       └── ...
   │    ├── template_0/
   │    │   ├── cookiecutter.json
   │    │   └── {{cookiecutter.__project_name_slug}}
   │    │       └── ...
   │    ├── template_1/
   │    │   ├── cookiecutter.json
   │    │   └── {{cookiecutter.__project_name_slug}}
   │    │       └── ...
   │    └── template_N/
   │        ├── cookiecutter.json
   │        └── {{cookiecutter.__project_name_slug}}
   │            └── ...
   └── family_N/

> Therefore, you must check if there is already a family for the template you want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to check if there is already a family for the template you want
```

to add or you need to create one.

Adding a New family of Templates
--------------------------------

Start by creating a new directory in ``src/ansys/templates/`` with the name of

> the new family of templates. For example, let us name it ``src/ansys/templates/new_family``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the new family of templates. For example, let's name it ``src/ansys/templates/new_family``:
```

.. code:: bash

   src/ansys/templates/
   │
   └── new_family/
       └── common/
          ├── cookiecutter.json
          └── {{cookiecutter.__project_name_slug}}/
              └── ... # All these files will be included in each family template

Inside this new family, you will need to create at least two different files:

- A ``cookiecutter.json`` file for specifying the minimum required variables for
  any of the templates of the family to work. You must use cookiecutter private
  variables in here.

- A ``common/{{cookiecutter.__project_name_slug}}/`` directory. This directory

>   must contain all the typical files for a given family. All files in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  contains all the typical files for a given family. All files in the
```

  ``common/{{cookiecutter.__project_name_slug}}`` directory will be copied to
  each template when rendering it.
  
.. note::

>     You can later add a ``hooks/pos_gen_project.py`` file in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can later add a ``hooks/post_gen_project.py`` file in the
```

Author: Good catch!

>     ``family/template/`` directory for removing non desired files coming from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``family/template/`` directory for removing non-desired files coming from
```

    the ``common/{{cookiecutter.__project_name_slug}}`` directory.

Adding a New Template to a Family
---------------------------------

> To add a new template, start by creating a new template folder. For example, let
> us name it ``src/ansys/templates/family_0/new_template``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new template, start by creating a new template folder. For example, let's
name it ``src/ansys/templates/family_0/new_template``:
```

.. code:: bash

   src/ansys/templates/
   │
   └── family_0/
       ├── common/
       │   ├── cookiecutter.json
       │   └── {{cookiecutter.__project_name_slug}}
       │       └── ... # All these files will be included in new_template/
       └── new_template/
           ├── cookiecutter.json
           └── {{cookiecutter.__project_name_slug}}/
               └── ... # Custom template files

Inside the ``new_template/``, you will need to create at least two different files:

- A ``cookiecutter.json`` file for specifying the new template variables. You
  must override the ``common/cookiecutter.json`` variables too!

- A ``{{cookiecutter.__project_name_slug}}/`` directory. This directory must
  contain any additional files or directories you would like to include in your
  new template. Notice this folder will be combined with the
  ``common/{{cookiecutter.__project_name_slug}}/`` one.

Adding it to the CLI
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To have access to the template from the CLI (i.a. command line tool), you will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have access to the template from the CLI (command line interface), you will
```

need to:

1. Include the named and description of the new template in the
   ``src/ansys/templates/__init__.py`` file under the
   ``AVAILABLE_TEMPLATES_AND_DESCRIPTION`` dictionary.

2. Add the path to the new template in ``src/ansys/templates/paths.py``. Include
   it in the ``TEMPLATE_PATH_FINDER`` dictionary too.

3. Create a command to expose the new template in the CLI:

   .. code:: python

       @new.command()
       def template_name():
           """Short description of the template."""
           bake_template(TEMPLATE_PATH_FINDER["pyansys"], os.getcwd())

> Adding Unitary Tests
> """"""""""""""""""""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding Unit Tests
"""""""""""""""""
```

Each template must have its own unit test script. The following namespace is
followed in order to organize the test suite:

- ``tests/tests_templates_family/test_template_family_name_of_template.py``

.. note::

   If you created a new family template, make sure to include tests for the
   ``family/common/`` directory too.

Expected common files should be included under a

> ``tests/tests_templates_family/conftest.py`` as a `pytest fixture`_. As an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``tests/tests_templates_family/conftest.py`` as a `pytest fixture`_. For
```

example, consider the following code of a generic ``conftest.py`` file:

> .. code::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code:: python
```

    @pytest.fixture(scope="package")
    def family_common_files():

        # All expected common files
        basedir_files = ["README.rst", "LICENSE"]
        doc_files = [...]
        tests_files = [...]

        # Combine all files and export those to be accessible by the tests
        all_common_files = basedir_files + doc_files + tests_files
        return all_common_files

Add the Family to Tox envs
""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> If you created a new faimly, make sure to add it to the [tox] set of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you created a new family, make sure to add it to the [tox] set of
```

environments:

1. Look for the ``[testenv]`` section in the ``tox.ini`` file.
2. Within this section, look for the ``setenv`` variable.
3. Add the following line:

   .. code:: text

      family: PYTEST_MARKERS = -k "tests_templates_family"

Updating the CI
"""""""""""""""

Each family of templates is tested within its own `GitHub actions`_ workflow.
Therefore, you need to create a:

- ``.github/workflows/templates_family.yml``

.. note::

>    To reduce the amount of CI jobs, templates are only tested under Linux based
>    OS. If you require from any particular programming language, try to test the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To reduce the amount of CI jobs, templates are only tested under Linux.
   If you require from any particular programming language, try to test the
```
